
## Designing Web3 Futures to Change the World
The idea that web3  can inform the design of a better tomorrow is a powerful one and we need to make it a movement. 
Web3 state machines provide the foundational layer to design and prototype complex socio-economic and political systems of the future. In doing so, they allow us to not just tinker with the status quo, but to dismantling it and build something better in its place.  We need to show people that another world is possible, and that web3 can help us get there. If we can show that web3  can help to create a brighter future and maps the path to it, we will all rush towards that outcome. <br>

This transformational power remains unused because it is too complex and daunting for anyone to tackle alone. In this era of unprecedented change, no single team or organization can begin to design unexpected  solutions that disrupt conventional thinking  without deep collaboration between communities and local governance.<br>

The development of Web3 applications has so far been kept inside the internet bubble and alternative banking. A space well defined by the cypherpunk movement and the white paper of Ethereum. Web3 has stunned the world by forging a parallel system of finance of unprecedented flexibility and creativity in less than a decade. The ecosystem is assembled by a multitude of applications and is confined between strict boundaries.<br>
The complexity of a futuristic world makes it very difficult for technical and non-technical users to imagine future states and alternative worlds that may become available to us.  To solve this, we need to build a community that can translate the socio-technical future into a common visual language that can be understood by all including the community itself. To achieve this we can create high-fidelity products such as a novel, films, comic art, or AI models that can be distributed globally as digital media NFTs.  <br>

A way to unlock this potential of web3 is to use science fiction to create virtual worlds using the existing contextual rule sets of Ethereum and other blockchain, Layer 2 protocols as the technological basis. Using a worldbuilding strategy, think of Minority report, we can develop a larger reality that extends beyond a single system [banking] and spans a larger scale.<br>
